{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14180\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 To build program:\
\

\f1\b0 \ulnone Write on command line: 
\f2\i make
\f1\i0 \
In order of makefile to work:\
- The source code must be inside the 
\f2\i sources 
\f1\i0 directory\
- The headers code (includes) must be inside the 
\f2\i headers 
\f1\i0 directory\
- Directory (obj) must exist\
- All of these directories must exist inside a command directory as the makefile\
\

\f0\b \ul \
To run program:
\f1\b0 \ulnone \
\
After building the program, type the command 
\f2\i ./webpage 
\f1\i0 on terminal opened to the directory of the makefile to run the program.\
\
\

\f0\b \ul Program Functionalities:
\f1\b0 \ulnone \
\
- The program takes an input file that initializes how the links are connected. It should be in the same directory as the executable. The file format should be the following:\
	\

\f2\i    	           linkfrom,linkto
\f1\i0 \
	www.test1.com,www.test2.com\
	www.test2.com,www.test3.com\
	www.test3.com,www.test5.com\
	www.test1.com,www.test3.com\
\
- The program takes a second input file that initializes the keywords for each URL. It should be in the same directory as the executable. The file format should be the following:\
\

\f2\i          URL_name,Any,number,of,keywords,max,10
\f1\i0 \
	www.test1.com,data,structures,complexity\
	www.test2.com,machine,learning\
	www.test3.com,programming,complexity,procedural,objects\
	www.test5.com,graph,complex,learning,algorithms\
\
- Then the program asks for a specific command. There are 2 main commands (query or updating)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Query: searching for specific keywords that belong to a certain link. There are 2 ways to issue a query.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}AND: finds URL that contains all keywords. Format: 
\f2\i \'93data\'94 \'93complexity\'94\
\ls1\ilvl1
\f1\i0 {\listtext	2.	}OR: finds URL that contains at least one keyword: Format: 
\f2\i data complexity\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\i0 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Update: input a file that updates state of link. For entering a file, format: 
\f2\i -update.txt . 
\f1\i0 The dash must be entered for program to know that we are inputting a file to update URLs. Webpage can be updated by adding a new URL, removing an existent URL, or updating some parameters of the URL like its impressions, click-through, and its links to other URLs.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}ADD: adds new URL. Format: 
\f2\i A,www.test1.com\
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1\i0 {\listtext	2.	}REMOVE: removes an existent URL. Format: 
\f2\i R,www.test2.com\
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1\i0 {\listtext	3.	}UPDATE: update parameters. Format: 
\f2\i U,www.test3.com,20,4,A www.test4.com R www.test5.com. 
\f1\i0 It can as many parameters to add and remove links to other URLs.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
	So the general format of an update file:\

\f2\i        Command,link_name.com,parameters if update command
\f1\i0 \
		A,www.test1.com\
		R,www.test2.com\
		U,www.test3.com,20,4,A www.test4.com R www.test5.com\
		A,www.test6.com\
\
\

\f0\b \ul Extra:
\f1\b0 \ulnone \
\
For convenience, a single source file of the whole program is added to remove that the hassle of directories.\
To build the program, run 
\f2\i make fullwebpage\

\f1\i0 And it runs by 
\f2\i ./fullwebpage
\f1\i0 \
\
However, it is not advisable to use this version. The first method for building program is to be always and this method is kept for backup.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}